<div id="MWSDX_noscript">

JavaScript is currently disabled in your browser.  
To use the Amazon MWS documentation, you must enable JavaScript in your
browser.

</div>

<div id="MWSDX_divtop">

[![Amazon
Services](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/08/mwsportal/fr_FR/amazonservices.gif
"Amazon Services")](http://services.amazon.fr)  
<span id="MWSDX_titlebar">[Amazon Marketplace Web Service (Amazon MWS)
Documentation](https://developer.amazonservices.fr/gp/mws/docs.html)</span>

</div>

<div id="MWSDX_divbottom">

<div id="MWSDX_divleft">

<div id="MWSDX_toc">

</div>

</div>

<div id="MWSDX_divright">

<div id="MWSDX_content">

<span id="MWSDX_breadcrumbs">[Amazon MWS
Documentation](https://developer.amazonservices.fr/gp/mws/docs.html)</span>

<div id="FBAGuide_MonitorShipmentStatus" class="nested0">

# Monitoring and tracking <span class="ph">FBA</span> shipment status

<div class="body">

You can use the <span class="ph">Orders API section</span> or the **FBA
Fulfilled Shipments Report** of the <span class="ph">Reports API
section</span> to monitor and track the shipment status of each item in
your <span class="ph">FBA</span> fulfilled customer orders, regardless
of whether your orders were placed on Amazon's website or through other
retail channels. The <span class="ph">Orders API section</span> provides
real-time data and the <span class="ph">Reports API section</span>
provides asynchronous batching of data. With these API sections you can
update your local systems with billing information and customer payment
information, including shipping fees, gift wrapping fees, and promotion
information.

For more information, see [Orders
API](../orders-2013-09-01/Orders_Overview.html) and [What you should
know about the Amazon MWS Reports API
section](../reports/Reports_Overview.html).

</div>

<div class="related-links">

<div class="familylinks">

<div class="parentlink">

**Parent topic:** [Common tasks](../fba_guide/FBAGuide_CommonTasks.html)

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="MWSDX_footer">

Copyright Â© 2009-2019 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Amazon and
Amazon.com are registered trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its
affiliates. All other trademarks are the property of their respective
owners.

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div style="clear: both;">

</div>

</div>
